Add basic benchmarking infrastructure (#213)
VeriFIT/mata: tests-performance/README.md

### Profiling and Performance Testing of `libmata`

#### Structure

1. `automata/`: short database of approximately 70 automata of various complexity. The automata come from different
  benchmarks. `easiest` benchmarks should take less then second, while, `hardest` can take over 60 seconds.

2. `bin/`: target folder for compiling binaries used for profiling or performance testing.
3. `src/`: source codes that will be compiled to `bin` directory. The directory contains several templates:
  * `template.cc` contains basic template for arbitrary code to be profiled or performance tested.
  * `template-with-cli.args.cc` contains basic template that takes file as an command line argument, parses the automaton
     and computes minterms.

>   * `template-with-list-of-automata.cc` contains basic template that has a hardcoded list of input automata taken from `automata` directory.

Reviewer: I would add a template which takes as a CLI parameter a file containing a list of paths to different automata to be tested. As with `single-automata.input`.

Author: Ook. Makes sense.

Author: I decided to extend the template. If it is run without parameters it uses the hardcoded list of automata, otherwise it iterates all arguments each corresponding to one file, it opens the files and loads the automata in them.

Reviewer: It looks great. I consider this conversation to be resolved.

> 4. `pycobench`: a performance testing sscript
> 5. `pycoproc`: a parser of performance results

Reviewer: Fix typos.
```suggestion
4. `pycobench`: a performance testing script
5. `pyco_proc`: a parser of performance results
```

### Profiling and Performance Testing of `libmata`

#### Structure

1. `automata/`: short database of approximately 70 automata of various complexity. The automata come from different
  benchmarks. `easiest` benchmarks should take less then second, while, `hardest` can take over 60 seconds.

2. `bin/`: target folder for compiling binaries used for profiling or performance testing.
3. `src/`: source codes that will be compiled to `bin` directory. The directory contains several templates:
  * `template.cc` contains basic template for arbitrary code to be profiled or performance tested.
  * `template-with-cli.args.cc` contains basic template that takes file as an command line argument, parses the automaton
     and computes minterms.

>   * `template-with-list-of-automata.cc` contains basic template that without arugments takes a hardcoded list of input 

Reviewer: Fix typo
```suggestion
  * `template-with-list-of-automata.cc` contains basic template that without arguments takes a hardcoded list of input 

```

### Profiling and Performance Testing of `libmata`

#### Structure

1. `automata/`: short database of approximately 70 automata of various complexity. The automata come from different
  benchmarks. `easiest` benchmarks should take less then second, while, `hardest` can take over 60 seconds.

2. `bin/`: target folder for compiling binaries used for profiling or performance testing.
3. `src/`: source codes that will be compiled to `bin` directory. The directory contains several templates:
  * `template.cc` contains basic template for arbitrary code to be profiled or performance tested.
  * `template-with-cli.args.cc` contains basic template that takes file as an command line argument, parses the automaton
     and computes minterms.
  * `template-with-list-of-automata.cc` contains basic template that without arguments takes a hardcoded list of input 

> 

Reviewer 2: Why is there a line here?

     paths to source automata. 
4. `pycobench`: a performance testing script
5. `pyco_proc`: a parser of performance results
6. `scripts/`: several helper scripts for profiling
* `scripts/run_callgrind.sh` to print top functions (exclusive time, greater than 1%)
* `scripts/run_massif.sh` to print memory peak in [B]

#### How to profile

1. Copy one of the `template*.cc` files with boilerplate code.
2. Find comment `HERE COMES YOUR CODE THAT YOU WANT TO PROFILE` and fill your code.
3. Run `make` from `src` or compile your binary.
4. Run `callgrind` or custom profile on the binary.
5. You can use one of the scripts:
  * `scripts/run_callgrind.sh` to print top functions (exclusive time, greater than 1%)
  * `scripts/run_massif.sh` to print memory peak in [B]

#### How to test performance

1. Copy one of the `template*.cc` files with boilerplate code.
2. Find comment `HERE COMES YOUR CODE THAT YOU WANT TO PROFILE` and fill your code.
3. Run `make` from `src` or compile your binary.
4. Add the new binary to the `jobs.yaml` as follows:
5. You can use one of the scripts:
* `scripts/run_callgrind.sh` to print top functions (exclusive time, greater than 1%)

> * `scripts/run_massif.sh` to print memory peak in [B]

Reviewer 2: This should probably not be here

Author: Why not? Can you elaborate?

Reviewer 2: It looks like it is copy-pasted from previous section and it does not fit there (there are two steps number 5, and the following part directly connects to number 4.

Author: I reworded it.

Reviewer: Have you really fixed it? I can still see the code block for `jobs.yaml` below step 5.

Reviewer 2: I think you changed something under `How to profile` which was all right, this stuff is under `How to test performance`.

Author: Now really resolved. It is mentioned exhaustively in `scripts` part only.
